De-dup Orleans unit testing content. (#39185)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/resources/best-practices.md

Testing:

- `Microsoft.Orleans.TestingHost` NuGet package contains <xref:Orleans.TestingHost.TestCluster> which can be used to create an in-memory cluster, comprised of two silos by default, which can be used to test grains.

> - Additional information can be found [here](../implementation/testing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more information, see [Unit testing with Orleans](../implementation/testing.md).
```
